Blockchain || Web || Mobile || Game Developer



Poland IT company
Gecko Dynamics
Kraków

Poland Computer Science University
Lublin University of Technology

--------------------------

Italian IT company
buildo, Milan
Moviri, Milan
Maticmind Spa, Milan
TopNetwork SpA, Rome

Italian Computer Science University
University of Milan
The University of Pavia
University of Salerno
University of Florence

----------------------------------------------------------

Dexterity

“Do you have a website so I can understand this more?”

“Reply to this message and let me know when would be a good time for us to connect this week.”
“I have a couple more ideas I could share as well. When is the best time for us to connect this week?”
“Are you free Wednesday or Thursday to talk briefly? Let me know what works best for you.”


------------------------------------

Hi there,

I just read your posting. It sounds like you need an expert in Web development to join your team and build your site.

I have a background in Web and Mobile development and have been doing this for more than 8 years. MERN, MEVN and React Native is what I specialize in.

Here are some of my works
-

I can work with you to write high quality code and build perfect site reaching deadlines, recommend the best technologies for you to use, and more. Let me know if my work examples looks interesting, and we can set up a time to talk.

Best regards,
Biron Clark

-------------------------------------

Hello.
I have just read your job posting. Sounds like you need a Full stack developer who can join your team and work with them.
You will have no regret and full satisfaction without a doubt because this job just fits my skills.
	
My top skills include:
- Javascript, Typescript
- React.js, Redux, Vue.js
- Node.js, Express
- React Native expo
- PHP, Laravel
- MySQL, MongoDB
- HTML, HTML5, CSS, SCSS
- Bootstrap, jQuery, Tailwindcss
- API integration
- GitHub, Gitlab, Asana, Bitbucket

After all, I will bring you the competitive and relevant results that you're looking for and that might bring us together in future cooperation in regard to this field.
In recognition of this project specification, I will offer a reasonable and agreeable budget and timeline that you can buy into.
As I am excited about this opportunity, I am thankful if I might have a chance to talk with you via chat or zoom call.
Looking forward to your reply.

Best regards,
Damian.


----------------------------------------------

Hey Kent!

I have to say, this job post really stuck out to me – I’m a perfect fit for this project.

I’m a regular consumer of these types of products. And e-book design happens to be my forte.

A bit about me …

I’m a designer with nearly 20 years of professional experience. I’ve worked with nationally recognized clientele like the CDC (Centers for Disease Control), Yogi Tea and Kimberly-Clark. 

I am also Upwork Expert Vetted – which means I am ranked among the top 1% of professionals in my field on this platform. 

I pride myself on my ability to offer rapid turnarounds and quality products to my clients. And I would like to do the same for you.

I am attaching a multi-page portfolio to this proposal. You can view additional work samples on at MorganOverholt.com/Upwork-Portfolio.

Go ahead and shoot me a quick message here on Upwork so we can chat a bit more about yourself and the project. I’ll be at my computer for the rest of the day.

Morgan Overholt

---------------------------------------------

Hello there, Thanks for your invitation.
Just gone through your job description and I am willing to work with you.

I am the best candidate for this job because I have participated in similar projects.

Please check some of my prior works.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snapdit
https://play.google.com/
store/apps/details?id=com.edutech.edutech
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/habit-stacker-daily-routine/id1445178269
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/beer-elite/id1526449468

I am a professional in Mobile & Web App Development. I have been designing and building Mobile & Desktop apps with Backend APIs for different industries, business, companies and individual clients for a long time.
I'm familiar with React Native especially using expo.

And I am also experienced in various web skills.

From my great experience, I can provide perfect solutions and creative ideas.
Looking forward to discuss with you this project and business.

Thanks!

---------------------------------------------

Hi Lokelani!

Thanks for the invite! Very nice to meet you.

I’d love to help you out with that menu redesign. And yes – you remembered correctly. Vector format is exactly what you need for a large format print. I can also provide a fast turnaround. What’s our print deadline?

I’d also love to see your sketches and reference pictures. I can match any style you have in mind. I am also incredibly fast.

As you may have already read on my profile – I’m a designer with nearly 20 years of professional experience. I’ve worked with internationally recognized clientele like the CDC (Centers for Disease Control), Yogi Tea and Granier Bakery.

I am also Upwork Expert Vetted – which means I am ranked among the top 1% of professionals in my field on this platform.

I am attaching a multi-page portfolio to this proposal. You can view additional work samples on my Upwork profile here: https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~017103f1940969128f

Go ahead and shoot me a quick message here on Upwork so we can chat a bit more about yourself and the project.

Morgan Overholt

--------------------------------------------------

Hi [Client name or company],

I’m Nalini and I’d like to help complete your project.

I understand how important timely deliverables and clear communication are to working together remotely. I have been a freelancer for 3 years now and have received strong feedback on the ability to deliver high-quality work by the deadline.

Here is a sample of my work:

[Insert link}

Additionally per your post, I understand the importance of the 3-day turnaround time and having the deliverables in the preferred format. I will definitely be able to meet your expectations for this particular project.

Please let me know if you have any questions or if I can provide more samples of my work.

Best regards,

Nalini Bhatia

----------------------------------------------------

Hello,

My name is Vijay Reddy and I’d love to help you launch your new website. I am a web developer, who has worked on over 40 different websites. I studied web development for 4 years and have worked with startups to build their web presence over the past 3 years.

Below are a few links for websites I have built:

Sample link 1
Sample link 2
Sample link 3
Sample link 4

If you are looking for a different type of website than the ones above, I’d be happy to tailor it to your needs. I understand you are a new company and I am happy to be flexible to make sure we work with your timeline. Could you tell me more about your target market and audience? If you are unsure, I can brainstorm with you on this point.

Do let me know if you have any questions and I am excited to have the possibility to work on this project!

Best regards,

Vijay Reddy


- Please add the below answers at the top of the proposal. Otherwise, I will ignore
1. Which stack will you use for the backend and front-end?
2. how many hours are you available per week?
3. How many months can you work on my project?
4. Are you an individual developer or an agency?